[Music]
hello its event it is day 6 of the
defranco movie club the thing where we
we watch the room will be every day on
Netflix queue or a DVD sent to us or
something and who have you and what not
it's a good time everyone usually gets
naked but today's movie is a little
different from what we've been watching
and that is a Disney movie by the Ghibli
House no Studio Ghibli G bleep I'm gonna
pronounce it wrong so I apologize but a
movie by the name of Pony Punia fine
fucking don't care at this point before
I watch the movie I saw a lot of people
arguing like Bill don't listen to the
American dubs version it's terrible just
listened to Japanese with American
subtitles and I think we're gonna listen
to both we'll see how that plays out but
I'm gonna watch it but to give you a
summary of the movie it is a Japanese
anime feature from famed filmmaker io
Miyazaki and it follows the adventures
of five-year-old boy Suzuki and his
blossoming friendship with polio a
goldfish princess who desperately wants
to become human not to be confused with
the Little Mermaid after running away
from and then being recaptured by her
strict father see not the same thing
pony with some help from Suzuki becomes
more determined than ever to make her
dreams come true but with her wishes
throw the entire earth off balance I
don't know yet but I'll let you know in
a second because I'm about to watch it
during the next 15 seconds I think I'll
call her Ponyo she wasn't like any other
fish she might be magic this fish
he's getting her wish
Wow life is mysterious okay and we're
back for half of the movie I watched the
the American dumb version I understand
what you guys talking about dubbing is
kind of weird some names you might
recognize Cate Blanchett Tina Fey and
Matt Damon the Liam Neeson that makes it
enjoyed the Japanese with English
subtitles way more but honestly I'm not
that level of a movie snob that I'm like
oh no they original the original is much
better
I know a lot of you are because you're
dedicated and you love it but me
random guy nothing invested in the
studio one is definitely better than the
other and I'm not gonna kill a baby over
I mean I'm one of those people that goes
to the movie theater and I just I love
your watch stuff and I always want to be
affected in a positive way or this it
gets me thinking I know a lot of people
though they go to movies to like fucking
hate movies which makes no sense
whatsoever I don't know why you're a
money to be displeased that makes about
zero sense to me but I thought this
movie was pretty good I noticed in the
comments a lot of you were like Phil you
gotta check out the other work that of
these people this movie is actually shit
compared to the stuff they do in future
shows we might check it out because once
again it is up to you what we watch to
make sure in the comments down below you
are you are typing what we should watch
and why but yeah it's anime and I
wouldn't actually it's kind of its kind
of on the level of like a Toy Story as
far as dialogue and morals go and it's
really beautiful to watch I loved a lot
of the other way they would they would
humanize water and it's kind of nice to
just turn my brain off and enjoy some
pretty stuff with a positive moral even
if it is that a five year olds can love
something so much and literally saved
the world by loving something because
honestly he's gonna love that thing
forever which I mean if we think about
it in the real world that's not true
five-year-olds change what they like
every three seconds so essentially all
children are twenty year old women they
know what they want now but not in five
seconds that's rude I know doesn't mean
it's not true but ultimately what is
this movie well it's a it's a sin
beautifully drawn movie that is aimed
towards children and it exists in a
world where anything is possible and
everything will happen so if you're
looking to waste some time with some
kids watch it even though I'll be honest
I would be freaked out by a fish with
the human person face first ten minutes
of the movie I would see it I would kill
it that'd be it that'd be the end of the
movie but I get why what happened hat
but if your nieces and nephews are over
watch it but not much to say I know I
feel bad saying that's because so many
of you were we're excited about this I
can't fully recommend it if you're by
yourself once again if you were kids do
it of course if you watch the movie like
you were supposed to do last night let
me know your take on it in the comments
down below cuz like I said everyone has
opinions and I am NOT a critic I don't
even feign to be one on the Internet
I'm just giving my raw honest opinion
right after I watch it but guys things
are taking a turn for the weird tomorrow
because tonight your job if you wish to
accept it and I recommend you deal with
a few people and I recommend you film
yourself while you watch it because
tonight we are watching The Human
Centipede kind of switch ative up from a
Disney movie but guys that is it for
this this video of course remember we
are slightly kind of sort of sponsored
by Netflix so if you want to join in on
this movie club the easiest way to do it
is to go to netflix.com slash Philly D
90% of the movies that we're gonna cover
are available on the Netflix instant
queue so it just makes sense to sign up
if it's not available in your area maybe
find another way to watch them but till
tomorrow I love your faces and good luck
it was really good it's a great kids
maybe the animation was amazing on it
Ponyo is really cute but it's definitely
like a kiddie movie but it is very very
gorgeous to watch with it's definitely a
really good film if you're looking for
something a little fluffy but definitely
sends a really good message this guy is
a Japanese animation which